docs: add a basic security policy (#1266)
canonical/operator: SECURITY.md

# Security policy

## Supported versions

All ops 2.x versions released within the last year are currently supported with security updates.

## Reporting a vulnerability

Please provide a description of the issue, the steps you took to
create the issue, affected versions, and, if known, mitigations for
the issue.

The easiest way to report a security issue is through
[GitHub](https://github.com/canonical/operator/security/advisories/new). See
[Privately reporting a security
vulnerability](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/security-advisories/guidance-on-reporting-and-writing/privately-reporting-a-security-vulnerability)

> for instructions.

Author: What about this?

```suggestion
for instructions on reporting using GitHub's security advisory feature.
```

Reviewer: I guess that also works.

I suppose a URL would also work instead of a link -- it's pretty clear what it is and where it leads.

# Security policy

## Supported versions

> All ops 2.x versions are currently supported with security updates.
> 
> | Version | Supported |
> | - | - |
> | 2.x.y | :white_check_mark: |
> | < 2.0 | :x: |

Author: ```suggestion
All ops 2.x versions released within the last year are currently supported with security updates.
```

## Reporting a vulnerability

Please provide a description of the issue, the steps you took to
create the issue, affected versions, and, if known, mitigations for
the issue.

The easiest way to report a security issue is through

> [GitHub](https://github.com/canonical/operator/security/advisories/new). See

Author: What about:

```suggestion
[GitHub's security advisory for this project](https://github.com/canonical/operator/security/advisories/new). See
```

[Privately reporting a security
vulnerability](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/security-advisories/guidance-on-reporting-and-writing/privately-reporting-a-security-vulnerability)
for instructions.

The ops GitHub admins will be notified of the issue and will work with you
to determine whether the issue qualifies as a security issue and, if so, in

> which component. We will then handle figuring out a fix, getting a CVE
> assigned and coordinating the release of the fix.

Reviewer 2: More active:

```suggestion
which component. We will then figure out a fix, get a CVE
assigned, and coordinate the release of the fix.
```
